Reviewer 3 of BioRob 2018 submission 98

Comments to the author
======================

GENERAL
The topic of the paper is of recent interest of the
biorobotics community. Biarticular actutation in elastic
robot designs has a high potential. The authors should
consider to integrate results and discussion as a new
results section, while giving a critical perspective in the
conclusion (or discussion & conclusion) section. Overall,
the results are very promising, but the lack of an
experiment with a real robot is clear limitation.

ABSTRACT
Is generally informative, but very vague regarding the
bi-articular design. Does not mention that his is only a
simulation study.

INTRODUCTION
The introduction gives a good overview of the literature.
Addtional references regarding hopping and actuation might
be added (e.g., from groups of Vanderborght or Seyfarth).
The reviewer recommends not to present the results in the
introduction.

LEG DESIGN
The leg design is well described. Yet, some details might
be explained referring to Fig. 2.

MODELLING
The inertia, gravitation, and coriolis matrices should be
given. When optimizing for power and energy consumption, it
is recommendable to consider the electrical dynamics of the
actuator (see works by Verstraten).

DYNAMIC OPTIMISATION
Explaining the section substructure is not require, please
remove to give details elsewhere. The signs of the
components of the objective function should be explained.

RESULTS
While the observed trends are promising, it is hard to get
trajectories from Fig. 4 or to understand Fig. 5 and,
finally, the results are only vaguely described. More
details would be helpful.

DISCUSSION
The results contained in the discussion section are very
interesting, e.g., torque requirements according to Fig
5g-5i. It appears that the separation between results and
discussion might not be appropriate. A critical perspective
is missing.

CONCLUSIONS
The paper is concluded well, a critical perspective is yet
missing. Future works are meaningful.

Comments on the Video
=====================

Is informative, but too fast. Might benefit from more
animation, especially the compared
actuator/spring-mechanisms are hard to comprehend.