Reviewer 2 of BioRob 2018 submission 98

Comments to the author
======================

The paper presents the optimized jumping motion using
series elastic actuators. The paper compared the jumping
performance with various mechanical configurations such as
SEA-only, mono-articular, and bi-articular configuration.

The paper introduces design, modeling, and optimization but
the reviewer thinks the paper needs more brief information
for readers. However, the result is reliable and the
presentation is fine. The author seems to try showing
various results as many as possible, but some results are
redundant.

In detail, there are minor errors and reviewers comments in
the text and figures. In Abstract, the author mentioned `to
optimize the joint trajectories’. The author should appoint
the optimization object such as time, speed, performance
index, etc. In the introduction, `,’ is missed in the first
sentence, and a reference required for `A prime example’.
References in the introduction are generally fine but need
more explanations for [4]-[12]. And it is better to avoid
using `almost’ in the scientific text.

In Section II, what is `very different’? And, need
explanations for PE(Parallel?) and SE(Serial?). At the end
of Section II, need a simple explanation for [12].

In Section III, there is a typo ‘inertiae’. In Section
III.B, Equation (5) is wrong (Maa -> Mpa). And like Section
II, the paper needs a simple explanation for [11] (At the
end).

In Section IV, the explanation of optimization algorithm
has to be moved Section IV.C (Furthermore ~~). The reviewer
doesn’t understand the sentence ‘Each simulation is
concluded when the CoM reaches its highest point’. How do
the authors know that the point is optimal?

In Section V, there is no explanation of the result here.
And the reviewer cannot understand the Figure 5. Caption
(d) seems a typo. What is the variable of the x-axis of
each graph? time? The authors need to simplify the graph
for better presentation.

Section VI has to be separated to Section V and Section
VII. Results have to go Section V and discussions has to go
Section VII.

The reviewer thinks this paper is fine to present at the
conference but need to improve the quality of paper as
written above. Video is fine also.


Comments on the Video
=====================

Video seems fine.